Hey there, and welcome to these lessons on programming in Python.
We're glad to have you with us.
In this course, you will be writing programs in the Python programming language.
There are many programming languages in the world today but Python is one that has
a great reputation for being both easy to learn and very practical.
Python code can run on any major kind of computer today.
From a Windows PC or a Mac to a high-powered Linux server or even on
your phone and Python is used in all sorts of fields
from Web development to data analysis to artificial intelligence.
The skills you'll learn here are central to your journey to becoming a programmer.
Many of the concepts you'll learn in these lessons are not limited to Python.
We'll go over some of the most fundamental building blocks of programming, ideas,
and skills that will be useful for you no matter
what area of programming you're interested in pursuing.
In the next few lessons,
the programs you'll work on use a feature called Turtle Graphics.
The turtle is an imaginary robot that can draw colorful shapes on the screen.
This way, you can quickly tell what your programs are doing.
Learning to code is only partly about learning
the grammar of a programming language such as Python.
It's mostly about learning a way of thinking about patterns, repetition,
processes, and information and the Turtle gives us a way to visualize that.